9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvan Man with Annabelle
Jewelers. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. And
our top stories this morning, Asian
stocks are slipping. That's as the US
insists peace talks are continuing with
Iran, even as Thrron publicly rejects
Washington's outreach and sets its own
conditions to end the war. The White
House says President Trump's meeting
with Xiinping will happen in the middle
of May. The Iran war adding to an
already long list of issues for the
leaders to discuss and delivery giant
Muan set to report earnings amid
concerns over industry competition.
PopMart also also in focus. That's after
shares fell the most on record due to
weak sales of its non Laboo toys.
Yeah. You know, we we try to start the
show with what really is going on. And I
think we're still having these lingering
questions on just where we are in this
whole Iran situation when it comes to,
you know, progress on talks, how
likelihood we're going to get a deal.
But I think markets at least for now
have calmed down a bit, which is a good
thing to to say to see really after what
has been a volatile 3 weeks or so. So we
have that and then it gives us time to
focus on earnings really in China too.
>> I think it well there's one number we
need to know today and that's 1.1
trillion and that is the market cap of
the amount of companies that are
reporting today. It's just I mean
there's a lot we've got muan for
instance we just said there in the
headlines but there's there's seen
there's a lot of the banks that are
going to be giving out their figures as
well. So lots of questions around the
health of the Chinese economy and
exactly how as well any sort of signals
we get on how they're withstanding
what's happening in Iran. Yeah, that and
then there's the whole consumption
theme, right? I'm talking, you know,
when you take a look at Mtoan, uh the
very interesting sort of column that
came out uh in state media from
regulators and basically it's time to
end the price war when it comes to food
delivery platforms and that's something
going to be a key thing to watch here
today.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, we saw mtoan
up 14% in both Hong Kong, the US
overnight on that story. But Trumpi as
well, I mean, this is another one that's
just come into into the spotlight
because we had that that White House
conference, of course, and and just
giving us the the the new date
essentially for when it's going to be
taking place.
>> Yeah. May. Circle your calendars. Uh so,
we'll see. Does that mean, you know, we
might still have a couple more weeks of
uh questions about where the Iran
situation is? Is that how long President
Trump thinks that, you know, he needs to
kind of end and exit this war? That
certainly is going to be key things to
watch here right now.
>> Yeah. And actually just on that point
because uh Carolyn Levit did actually
sidestep a question on whether the
summit really means that we're going to
get an end to the war by then. But
President Trump has actually just told
his aid he thinks that the Iran war is
in its final stages. That's according to
reporting from the Wall Street Journal.
Uh let's take a look at the market
action off the back of that because
really as you said we have seen that
that compression of of volatility but
but certainly we have seen lots of
fluctuations really across the course of
the week and the big question is really
how exactly are the negotiations going
given you're getting very mixed messages
as we said from Washington but also from
Tyran. So you can see stocks here are
steading brand crude just advancing a
little bit. Uh again we've seen it gains
and losses throughout the week here.
Gold futures as well slightly under
pressure. So around that 4500 an ounce
level stocks wise as well. Let's take a
look here because uh if there's going to
be a key sector to watch today, it is
actually the tech one given what you saw
in the US overnight. But just
essentially the the headline here, not
to get into the details, but we did have
a a story out from Google researchers
talking about new compression
techniques. It's all about doing more
with less. Does that mean mean lesser
lesser demand essentially for memory?
Does it hit the names like like uh SKH
Highix, Samsung, you can see the Cosby
there down 1.2%. Uh let's also take a
look at the FX story. Again, we've seen
really mixed moves to the dollar here.
Steady so far in early trading and then
also taking a look at Chinese equities
ahead of the open, but as we said, big
focus on those earnings in the session
today.
>> Yeah, I think for the most part, we're
drifting based on just the Iran
situation. But I think when you take a
look at what's in store, I mean, pot as
you mentioned that tumbled out we saw.
We'll see how these other consumption
names are, but likely MTON could be a
pretty ugly sort of set of earnings here
today. So, uh, that's one thing to watch
here, but then again, you also have the
regulators and what they've been saying
that certainly has popped up the shares
of late. President Trump now saying
talks with Iran are ongoing and that's
despite what we've heard from Iran,
right? Tyrron publicly rejecting the US
overtures and issuing fresh conditions
to end the conflict.
eight wars. People sort of forget. And
we're winning another one. I tell you,
we're winning so big. Nobody's ever seen
anything like we're doing in the Middle
East with Iran. And they are
negotiating, by the way. And they want
to make a deal so badly, but they're
afraid to say it because they figure
they'll be killed by their own people.
They're also afraid they'll be killed by
us.
>> Our politics editor, Laura Davidson,
joins us now. Uh so when it comes to
what we're hearing from the the US side
and the Iran side, how far apart are the
two in terms of where we are in talks
and negotiations,
>> we're roughly at opposite ends of the
spectrum where uh Trump is insisting
that talks are going great, there's
multiple points of agreement, this is
going to be a speedy end to this war,
whereas you have Iran saying absolutely
not. Uh so we you know you have both
sides who have at least started to put
out sort of their visions for what they
what they want. you know, this 15-point
plan yesterday from the US. Uh, the
White House has quibbled a little bit
with some of the details there, but um,
you know, that at least has acknowledged
that that has existed and they've put
that out um to the Iranians. Iran also
put out its own plan saying that it
wants to continue to have authority over
the straight of war moves. It needs all
these attacks to stop. Um, so you at
least kind of see a baseline scenario,
but we are a long ways away from having
some sort of agreement that both sides
could could come to the table with. We
also don't have any clarity on are there
actual back channel talks happening? you
know, are are the the the mediators um
you know, in Oman and and Pakistan and
elsewhere, you know, kind of
facilitating some of these conversations
or is this just sort of a lot of public
posturing on social media without a lot
of actual substantive discussion?
>> Yeah. Okay. And against that backdrop, I
think as well, there's that pressure of
is the US looking to put boots on the
ground and and what do we know on troop
movements and is that fanning the
situation or is it is it uh just sort of
I guess for the cause? Yeah,
>> it's I mean it's it's sort of both,
right? Trump can can have his cake and
eat it too, right? He can talk about
peace, but also in the background be
moving thousands of troops to the to the
region. And these are troops that are
not going to arrive tomorrow. Some of
them will take a couple weeks. Um
signaling that the US at least thinks
that there's a possibility that um uh
that that they're going to need them at
some point in the in the coming weeks.
You know, we've seen this, you know,
over the past several months between
Venezuela and now uh with Iran. Every
time they have move made major movements
of troops and and assets to a region,
they have ended up deploying those.
>> Yeah.
>> Laura, thank you. Thanks so much for
joining us and bringing us up to speed
there. That was our politics editor,
Laura Davidson. And uh let's shift now
to to what we were talking about
earlier, but but President Trump and
Chinese leader Xi Jinping holding their
highly anticipated summit in Beijing on
May 14th to 15th. That's according to to
what we got from the US side. But let's
get more with our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel who joins us
live from Hainan Island where the Boa
Forum is underway. So Steve, yeah, I
mean we finally got this date. Is it one
that they're going to definitely stick
to, do you think?
That's uh anyone's guess right now.
Obviously, we don't have an off-ramp
completely in the war in the Middle
East. We do not have confirmation yet
from the Chinese side that those are the
dates, May 14th to 15th. It makes sense,
though. It buys uh the United States a
little bit more time of course to wind
potentially wind the war down because
everybody I've spoken to say this summit
between she and Trump will very unlikely
happen while the war is still raging in
the Middle East because that pretty much
would overshadow any deliverables that
Xiinping could trumpet uh from that
meeting with uh Trump uh excuse the pun
and also the same for Donald Trump. He
wants this to be a successful uh summit.
I I spoke with the former US commerce
secretary Carlos Gutierrez yesterday
here on the sides of the Boal forum. Uh
he was the commerce secretary during the
Bush years. He was confident that the
two leaders will send a positive signal
to the global u economy uh that the two
biggest the leaders of the two biggest
economies in the world can find some
common ground and solidify that truce uh
that uh was a was not necessarily
guaranteed to be a lasting truth. So,
we'll have to see whether this meeting
goes forward. Uh we'll have to see over
the next 3 weeks or so whether the war
can wind down to allow them uh to have
this meeting face to face. No doubt. Uh,
one of the subjects that will probably
not be discussed according to China's
climate envoy uh, Ambassador Louu who
told me yesterday he does not expect
climate change to be anywhere near uh,
or even on the agenda between the two
leaders because essentially Donald Trump
has unwound a lot of the previous
administration's efforts on climate
change and not participating in COP 30,
COP 31 and the like. I did speak with
Ambassador Leu yesterday and he said
zero context. So far with the Trump
administration version 2.0 Now
>> this current prices crisis high price of
oil we real means of some of the
countries to change the mind definitely
this is for the world we all expecting
the US will be back to the paris
definitely I hope they not trumpet the
position but the next position it's
usually be how the American people going
to to to re-evaluate
the the the the position of the US
government depending how US government
that's why I think no it's no hope for
the current administration but we we
hopeful for next administration
>> have you made overtures to the Trump
administration in the last year since
you and I last talked
>> no I think
>> have they answered your calls
>> they all absent I think unfortunately be
for President Trump they be after his he
returned to white house he abolished all
the post for for addressing climate
change at in all departments that's
unfortunate
>> so no dialogue at all
>> no dialogue at all but we are trying to
retain maintain a dialogue with the US
through check two check one check one
check one plus one through all academic
business sector academic secretary I
think the think tanks be yeah to ensure
that be US will not be forgotten
>> what is China's still need to do. Joe
Shaan, the central bank, former central
bank governor talked about you still
rely quite heavily on coal fired power.
>> I think gradually we're going to
substitute with with a rapid deployment
of a renewable energy. We are going to
substitute those coal powered plants. It
takes time but we are in the process of
uh substituting these power plants with
other sources. That's why I I mentioned
be in the next five years all this new
increase of new increase of demand of co
electricity demand will be assured
achieved by the new energy.
>> Well, China has built a lot of
resiliency on its energy mix. But do you
think this shock in the Middle East will
force China to even double down and
invest more in things like we saw the
high altitude helium balloon wind
turbines and other areas?
>> I think as I mentioned be China is is
more capacity and to address this issue
current crisis and more more resilient.
That's why I think that's why I think be
we agree this also convince of the
government and at all level to speed up
our transition. Yeah.
>> So there be there be no adding no no oil
crisis no gas crisis in China
definitely.
>> So this is already the third day of the
Boa Forum for Asia. 25th anniversary one
I might add but the keynote addresses
the welcoming keynotes will actually be
held within the next hour. We're going
to get the number three leader in China
uh Jao Gi he is the uh chairman of the
standing committee of the national
people's congress. He'll be delivering
uh the main keynote followed by among
others uh Lawrence Wong the prime
minister of Singapore also the prime
minister of South Korea even Andrew
Forest the executive chairman of Fordsq
medals will be giving a speech uh within
the next hour or two here at the BOA
forum for Asia but coming up after the
break we're going to continue that
conversation on resilience uh not only
geopolitical resilience that China has
exhibited trade resilience through the
Trump uh tariff barrage but also of
course energy resilience with Denise
Deoo. He is Roland Ber's global managing
director and a former executive in the
energy industry. We're going to talk all
those things through coming up after the
break. We're at Boow and this is
Bloomberg.
All right, we have more now from the Boa
Forum for Asia where the Iran war
continues to dominate discussions there.
Let's bring back Steve. He joins us
again with our next guest. Hey Steve.
As promised, Ivonne Denid Deoo is with
us here. Uh, thanks so much uh for
helping us understand a little bit of
the communications that we've been
getting out of the Chinese leaders. You
were at the China Development Forum as
was I last week. You obviously watched
what uh transpired during the National
People's Congress a few weeks ago.
There's been consistent messaging,
wouldn't you agree? And confidence being
exhibited by the Chinese government.
Resilience through the trade war.
Resilience geopolitically. Now they've
been kept very calm messaging through
what has happened over the last four
weeks in the Middle East and as we heard
in that last interview I had with the
climate envoy resilience in energy. How
do you think that messaging has been
received?
>> I think resilience and stability is a me
message that's been received and it's
it's absolutely true that uh with the
energy shock now propelling uh China is
probably in Asia the country that will
suffer least. It doesn't mean that there
will be no impact in China. Uh but I
believe that the impact will be less
than uh Southeast Asia, India or
Pakistan that are very directly hit by
the scarcity and by the the price not
only of oil but other chemical
prochemical products. But indeed I think
the message has been really received on
on on resilience and stability. Uh it's
it's it's always comparative. So, so I
think uh two years ago maybe the story
would have been quite different and
differently perceived by foreign
executive. But this time given the chaos
that is uh unfolding everywhere else,
China appears a bit as a as a beacon of
stability with a lot of buffer with a
pretty candid speech at the China
Development Forum by Premier Lee. Also
admitting that there are external
shocks, there are internal difficulties,
there is some leeway, some flexibility
needed to manage those things and that's
that's not new. We we heard this last
year already, but I think it's it's it's
also a consistent theme that the Chinese
authorities are admitting that they need
to manage also their context.
>> Is it of your view that perhaps this oil
shock that the world is seeing will add
momentum uh to what China has been
investing for decades in and that is
renewable forms of energy and as a side
note uh maybe add new momentum to
climate change and decarbonization.
Maybe that's secondary in the United
States or or further down the list.
>> I think I think generally for the world
if if if there is a case for
electrification, it's it's now proven.
So So I mean whether it's it's it's
renewable, whether it's uh it's uh it's
it's nuclear, whether it's other sources
of energy. I mean China is is highly
electrifying its its vehicle fleets now
now coming to commercial vehicles to
trucks as well. Uh starting pretty much
this year or or or end of last year. Uh
um of course electricity is still
produced by vastly by a coal fired power
station with a target to phase them out
or at least partly. Uh but still it's
it's a good case for electrifications
because if you're electrified you're not
you're not using gasoline. So that that
sort of reduces one of the dependencies
but there are many other dependencies.
It's it's not only about gasoline it's
petrochemical products. So so I mean
what's coming out of the Gulf is not
crude oil only it's polity land. It's
prop land. So everything going into
plastics for example.
>> Well, how much of a paradigm shift are
we seeing right now? Because you
mentioned a couple of years ago, even
last year the narrative from Western
countries like Germany, which has a huge
auto industry, was we have to protect
our domestic industries. The Chinese are
exporting their excess capacity. The
United States pretty much shut it out.
Now Canada welcoming in 49,000 uh
Chinese EVs. Do you think that
perception shift has been absolutely
accelerated because of what's happening
in the Middle East that China will be
able to export their you know new energy
vehicles and other products? a bit early
to say whether it's it it it will
accelerate electrification of of
mobility, but you can see that the
Chinese EV makers that have a hard time
anyway selling their cars because
there's not enough demand here in China
are trying to sell them in Southeast
Asia uh uh and and and actually jumping
on the opportunities that gasoline might
be more expensive or even not available
at all and and and making big discounts
and and trading programs uh to replace
IC by electric car. So there's a for
sure a short-term opportunity and and I
think generally it will raise the
awareness that electrification is a good
way to go uh to to at least kill one
dependency.
>> Well, I mentioned Germany because I at
the China Development Forum, I did
listen to the speech for the CEO of
Mercedes. He seemed quite open to the
the prospect of cooperation with China
on new energy vehicles and the like.
Whereas this could potentially be quite
a threat to
>> it is it is a threat to the industry.
the industry probably needs time to
adapt. Uh but competition is good
because it's accelerating that that
transition. So I think it's a it's it's
always a balance between the time that
uh the automotive industry particularly
in Europe needs to adapt uh to have new
models. For now the Chinese EV are
winning the battle. So Europe the
volumes are still relatively small but
look at Southeast Asia. Uh it's all over
the place. So basically the Japanese
cars have been phased out replaced by
Japanese by Chinese EV. In Europe it's
more modest but it's it's also coming. I
think the Western OEM and the Japanese
OEM will react once they have the
electric models but it's taking more
time.
>> So is it a quality and the price
argument that is winning over or is the
charm offensive by leaders here uh
offering that stability and that product
at a lower price and quality at a lower
price? We've seen a parade of leaders
come through Beijing so far this year.
Late last year, of course, Macron was
here, but then we had Friedick Mertz. Uh
we've had Starmer from the UK. Now Trump
is coming. I think a little late to the
game as far as EVs. Of course, he's not
going to necessarily be striking an an
agreement there. But is the charm
offensive from Beijing working? I think
it's working to a certain extent but I
would rather say that it's uh middle
powers as Marki was was putting it
seeking new alliances seeking new
partnerships because obviously the
partnership with the with the US still
is there but is not seen as reliable as
it used to be that's probably an
understatement and as a result you have
all these leaders that's EU that's
Germany that's France that's UK that's
uh uh Canada uh trying to seek new
partnerships uh uh simply because they
want sovereignty for their own country
but sovereignty doesn't mean being alone
being independent because simply they
don't have the resources EU doesn't have
the resources France Germany does don't
have the resources alone so what they
need uh is reliable partners and when I
when I look at what companies are doing
they're following that same trend so I
mean we've seen since the first trade
war in 2018 a movement to diversify
supply chains to make them more
resilient to build uh uh uh you know
slack in capacity in different regions
in different continents to create that
flexibility that is needed when you need
to swing your production from one area
to the other because the straight of our
mus is blocked or because uh uh the
stress canel is has had an accident or
what have you. So so this has happened
now every two years if you look at it uh
uh accidents or or or wars or or
>> so far they're win they're they're
passing the stress test
>> and they're passing the stress test so
far. All right, Deni Deu or Roland
Burgerer, global management director.
Thanks so much for giving us your
insights. Okay, I'm gonna send it back
to you, Ivonne, uh, from Sunny Boal as
always.
>> All right, thanks so much, Steve. And of
course, great conversation there with
Den there really on what's going on in
energy markets and the like. Um, Belle,
you're tracking GGBs right now. Yeah.
Well, this has actually just happened in
the last few moments here, but uh the
2-year yield, so the front end of the
curve, uh reaching 1.315% for the first
time since 1996.
Uh we actually have seen that off the
back as well as what the dollar yen's
been doing, which is still trading
around that 159 level. But questions
around around intervention uh
intervention as well in the crude oil
futures market unlikely to have a a
lasting impact. But the end buying
invent intervention rather also one of
the big question marks over that. But
the 2-year yield you can see there the
more rate sensitive end rising uh to the
highest level we've seen since 1996.
More ahead you're watching uh markets
there looking like we're going to open
in the red today but we will have more
coming up on the China show. This is
Bloomberg.
Two stocks to watch here today. Pop Mart
there seeing another day of losses here
after that plunge of record 23% the back
of those earnings and we're seeing a
wave of target cuts from the the sell
aside here this morning on the price
targets and $47 now 90 for Queso. Uh it
was in line with estimates but there has
been some concerns about the amount of
AI investments and the like. We got the
open coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show and we're counting down to the
opener markets this morning. We've got
equity futures telling us we're going to
open up in the red today. But I think
there's a couple of different themes
we're tracking here, Ivon. Firstly, of
course, you've got what's going on in
Iran and and traders really trying to
assess the top headlines from that.
There was an interesting note out from
Morgan Stanley actually yesterday saying
that if the Hormoo straight is shut for
longer, actually Chinese equities could
end up the big winner in that, but at
the same time, and probably what's going
to drive a lot of the the sentiment
today just comes down to earnings and
and that $1.1 trillion in market cap
that's reporting today.
>> Yeah. And I think the tech sort of uh
and consumption plays are definitely in
focus here today. So we'll see what
happens. I mean after that record drop
on PopMart on 23% uh on the stock that
certainly is something that we're going
to deal with here once again about where
is this consumption story now and we're
talking a bit more about food delivery
in just a moment. But here's how your
open is shaping up to be. As you
mentioned we are drifting slightly lower
here today in terms of the Iran
situation. And I think there's still too
many lingering questions out there
about, you know, they're talking about
talking, but both sides seem to be
seeing a bit of a wide gap on what they
are are in fact talking or not. So there
you go. Um, so we can kind of put push
aside the the geopolitics at least and
focus on maybe the fundamentals, right?
The CSI 300, we're down about 4/10en of
1%. Oil is still a little bit elevated
here as you talk about where oil prices
are still staying above the $100 mark
there. So we're one and a half% higher
when it comes to Shanghai crude. Uh when
it comes to copper is seeing a slight
bid here this morning, but yes, you take
a look at some of these consumption
names. Uh we're going to focus on on
just not PDD had a set of earnings
overnight. Uh we're talking a little bit
more about food delivery. MEDA is
actually doing okay here. Cameracon just
a slight bit. So there's not that much
conviction uh really overall, but Hong
Kong you might see more pronounced moves
just given that some of these earnings
that we've gotten uh when it comes to uh
the consumption and tech space as well.
HS Techch is lower by about 7/10en of 1%
here right now. you are seeing Alibaba,
Metoan. Uh if you take a look at that, I
mean certainly that's going to be coming
off of some of the highs that we've
already seen just given what we heard
once again regulators have republished
this column uh urging some of these
internet platforms to end the price wars
when it comes to food delivery. So uh
that certainly is going to be a key
theme to watch here today given the
surge that we saw. We're coming off
that. Uh Xiaomi is unchanged as well.
HSBC though a slight bright spot across
these markets here. So the bank side of
things is doing a little bit better.
Property though is also on offer. 690 a
little bit on the weaker side when it
comes to the currency here today. Uh
taking a look at some of the earnings
that we came through. BIC, Jang Su,
Hungry, King Soft, and Qua Show. Quai
perhaps is the biggest one. There you
go. 12% losses uh for Quai right now.
Interesting enough, the estimates were
actually, you know, bang in line with
what really came out. So uh but what
we're hearing from the sell side is that
there might be some disappointments on
just the rise in AI investments for the
company that could eventually keep
hurting uh the profitability side of
things. So there you go Quaisho uh
sinking here this morning. Uh and yes,
so we got to bring it back to what this
means when it comes to food delivery.
Let's show the quote because there was
quite bold language I have to say of
what came through in this column that
made its way uh to state media just uh
yesterday. So this is what it's called.
It's time to end the food delivery price
war. And you know, they're saying the
frenzy food delivery war must be put
out. They they talk about how much in
terms of subsidies a lot of these uh
companies have already played out. They
said 11 billion to 14.5 billion in
subsidies during last year's uh food
delivery war between Alibaba, JD, and
Mtoan. And essentially they're saying
they're blaming a lot of these internet
platforms for giving out these subsidies
and really hurting the restaurant sector
and really continuing on this
deflationary spiral. So it it's
interesting that we're having this sort
of messaging now because you talk about
where oil prices are. Uh there is a
slight uptick in the consumption story
given the data. Is this sort of that
rare window of opportunity for China to
get out of deflation? So maybe that's
why we're seeing this sort of language
seep through once again. you see the
market reaction from some of these
stocks and yes the two-day chart kind of
shows a little bit more you look at how
mtoan is right we actually saw that pop
coming off just a little bit but we've
basically have seen about 13% gains
alone from just that messaging um is
there going to be more of a formal
investigation into this if these
companies don't act and really follow
the rhetoric here that certainly is a
good a telling sign if we do see that
but you got to see if we see services
and goods inflation improve you know
this sort of uh reflation cycle that
people have been really hoping for for
many years now. Can we finally see that
in China? That's going to be a key
question there, Bill.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And I think it's also
that question around does the messaging
actually stick because it's not the
first time we've heard overures
essentially aim to end the price war
that we see in the delivery space, but
does this one actually end up resonating
over the longer term? Of course, it's
that big consumption theme we've got
across the day. I think we've also just
got to mention what's happening with
PopMart shares this morning as well. uh
given we've seen a drop of as much as
nearly 10% so far in the session early
going but you're taking these losses
over two days to around 30%. So, lots of
concerns over the post labu business.
But let's get more from our team now.
bring bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst Katherine
Lim and our China correspondent Mim Low
as well. But Katherine uh yeah, let's
start with you because we're seeing of
course that big rally today in mtoan
shares or over two-day period. But but
just tell us exactly uh is Beijing
effectively ending the the price wars
here.
>> You know what I really want to point out
is that they are not banning
competition. they're not stopping
competition, but here we are really, you
know, it's kind of like a playing around
the words. It's the war and yes, they're
trying to put out the excessive, you
know, um, subsidies, um, all that crazy
stuff that's going on there. And you
mentioned restaurant, but, you know, we
also have to think back who actually
benefit at the other end and it was
actually consumers did benefit out of
the war itself. So, I kind of see like,
you know, the conflicting signs right
now. Um so do you know we'll really have
to see what pans out and if I put it
this way I think it is in the numbers um
already that maidan is expected to
return to profits this year and part of
it of you know the excessive competition
coming back down to a more rational
level itself. I think that has already
been baked into expectations.
>> Have we started to see some of these
subsidies being reduced? Well, um you
definitely have not seen like
publications by whether it's um you know
Alibaba, etc. raving about how many more
active users they've been grabbing. I
think there was a point in time that
every weekend we kind of like saw them
like oh you know I've got so much more
users. Um so that has definitely died
down now. I think that yes um you know
anecdotally we don't really see a lot of
that you know buy one get one free you
know get more coupons coming in. Um but
again um you know that's all in line and
we have companies already telling us
that look March was quieter because Luna
New Year just ended right and then
before you and I know it we're going to
go into 618 and then um you know and
that is another big consumption festival
that we'll have to look out for.
>> Yeah. Sort of from one discount
promotion to to the next and there's not
that much time between them. But but
what's happening then with the
competitive landscape and does this
change anything meaningfully for that
competition between JD, Alibaba and
Mtoan do you think?
>> I think it's very obvious out there that
you know the country the companies they
are all talking about AI and it's about
you know using AI to actually capture
traffic and you're going to see a lot
more coming from these companies. So I
think that is a more I would say
rational way of um you know capturing
consumption and driving sustainable
consumption versus throwing or cash
burning coupons you know out there. So
we're going to continue to actually hear
that and again I will stress that you
know competition is still intact right
it's again you know the reality is that
it's just not going to be as crazy as
what we've seen in the last 12 months.
Mhm.
>> All right, Katherine, thank you. Our
senior int uh analyst for Bloomberg
Intelligence, Katherine Lynn, uh on of
course Mtoan and all things food
delivery here. Uh let's talk about Pop
Bar here right now because we're seeing
the stock actually fall off another day
after what was a record selloff
yesterday. We're talking about 23% drop.
Uh we're seeing a wave of price targets
being basically just slashed in the last
couple hours after those results did
come in. Um and really just goes to show
right this growing dependency on this
Labubu franchise and unable to really
kind of develop more in terms of their
other IPs. Let's bring in Mimman Low,
our China correspondent who's been
tracking this right now. Tell us more
about the results.
>> Well, the results actually was really
really good. It's exponential growth.
We're talking about more than tripling
of the net income which was better than
expected almost doubling of the revenue
which was just under expectations. So
we're not worried about that kind of
growth. Right. I think what investors
were really disappointed by was the
product mix because this monster, the
Laboos, it made up uh the the Monster
series made up 40% of its sales last
year compared to just 23% a year ago. So
now investors are concerned that they're
overrelying on this one product and so
far none of its other IPs have managed
to, you know, keep pace with the Laboo
sales. Right? If you look at Molly,
which is its very first IP, sales was
far below consensus estimates. And now
the company is saying they're expecting
next year's growth to get about 20% at
least 20% growth, which is a sharp
deceleration from last year. You add to
that the fourth quarter revenue last
year was also slowing down. So all of
these point to evidence that the pace of
growth, that exponential growth is going
to be behind us and we start to see this
transition into normalization this year.
>> Yes. Then I guess there's that bigger
focus. What is the the next thing? and
and and have they found that yet do you
think?
>> Well, so far some of the positive
drivers that analysts are are saying is
overseas expansion because there's still
a lot of room for growth there. There is
where they saw huge returns, more than
700% growth in the Americas after just
adding dozens of stores and Bloomberg
Intelligence expects that they could
double their number of stores to over
300 by 2027.
uh but of course its ability to turn out
new IPs because these IP characters they
tend to go through these boom and bust
cycles right and whether it's able to
continue to milk uh the value out of the
existing IPs a lot of people are waiting
for that movie in partnership with Sony
it's a new uncharted territory is it
going to be a blockbuster is it going to
be a bust but it also have other uh
diversified product mix that could help
to create new catalyst for growth
because it's been piloting a new dessert
store in Beijing with its theme park so
that's something they will want to scale
up to other places as well. It's got its
jewelry store and the company also said
that it's going to start launching home
appliances as soon as next month which
could be cute, right? Imagine getting a
Laboo coffee machine. Um, could be a new
revenue stream for them.
>> How do you feel about that? I don't know
how I feel about that. I don't know.
>> So, talking about small appliances,
could be mini fridges, um, kettles.
>> I feel like I want more serious white
goods, but
>> All right. Well, we'll we'll see. Okay,
that was our China correspondent Mim Lo
there and of course Cat Lim joining us
as well on the outlook for MTOAN but
let's get some other earnings news this
morning because still in the e-commerce
space but shares of BDD climbed in New
York that's after the company said
revenue growth accelerated during the
holiday quarter sales rose 12% to $18
billion that marks an improvement from
singledigit growth seen in previous
quarters the pickup suggests that PDD's
global tu business is beginning to
stabilize that's even after the US
closed a key tax loophole that helped
fuel its initial overseas expansion.
We're also keeping an eye on shares of
Jung Su Hong Roy Farmer. That's after
fullear net income missed the average
analyst estimate. The net income was 7.7
billion yuan. That's up from 20 or up
22% rather from a year earlier. City is
maintaining its 8 share price target of
134 expecting strong drug innovation to
continue. We'll have more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Well, Hong Kong's financial secretary,
Paul Chan, says the government is
committed to keeping up a strong supply
of IPOs as Beijing intensifies
regulatory scrutiny of some overseas
listings. Speaking exclusively at
Bloomberg's Family Office Summit, Chan
also discussed the potential economic
fallout from the Iran war.
>> This year, our projected growth is about
2 to 3%.
Uh the inflation uh is about 1.5%.
Uh, of course given the uh the recent
conflicts uh in the Middle East uh
depending on how long it will drag on
but unavoidably uh fuel costs will
increase
uh and it will be translated uh into
different sectors of the economy. Uh we
are still assessing the situation and at
the moment in terms of short-term impact
would be very minimal. uh I think we
would be able to better assess the
situation in April or May when things
are more settled.
And when we talk about the amount of you
know wealth and obviously you just came
had a wealth for good event uh this week
>> there there seems to be investors
looking for stability and and you know
given what we've been seeing this
conflict in the Middle East
>> it does raise a lot of reputational
questions about Dubai for example as as
a wealth hub
>> Singapore of course in the last year
year or so has been dealing with its own
scandals around moneyaundering and the
like. I'm just wondering how you view
Hong Kong now. I mean, I think you've
said there's a bit of a safe haven sort
of status here where you Hong Kong is
reemerging as a primary destination for
for shifting capital and shifting
wealth.
Since this war erupted, have you have
you seen this sort of narrative gain
traction in any way? Well, Hong Kong is
not just a uh safe heaven for parking
capital, but I think it is also a
destination for opportunities for
growth. Uh even before the onset of the
Middle East conflict last year, for
example, as you know, last year our
stock market ride rose by about 26%.
Uh on top of the 18% increase in 2014.
When we look at the capital flow, who
are the major players about about 35% of
the capital flows are from the US,
Europe, the Middle East and Asian and
other 25% from mainland Southbound
investors.
Another 15 to 18% local players.
Uh so the the sources of capital have
been quite international and
diversified. Uh there are capital
floating in there are capital floating
out but in terms of net inflows last
year was huge is over it is over 90
billion US
uh 80% increase compared to the year
before. So I think to us in the
government I think
uh for me the challenge is how to make
sure I will continue to have a stable
supply of quality issuers quality
companies to get this on our stock
market. Uh I still remember last year
the largest IPO then uh when they when
this thing there were calls from uh uh
from the US about hey perhaps uh we may
not be we should not invest into it. Uh
but the reality is the cornerstone
investors are all the leading investors.
So if if they are good companies with
good track record and the business
proposition is good. I think we do not
need to worry about capital. So number
one priority to me is to ensure there
will be a continual supply of quality
issuers coming to the Hong Kong market.
At the moment we have over 400 such
companies lead quilling up for listing
from the mainet. Last year we released
about 119 only. uh there are also
companies from Middle East and Asian uh
interest in our market and last year we
also leased a uh a mining company from
uh from Central Asia as well. So uh we
want to diversify ourself in terms of uh
issuers in terms of investors as I
mentioned last year the capital from uh
from the Middle East from Asian also
floating in.
>> Yeah, that was Hong Kong financial
secretary Paul Chan speaking to me
exclusively at the Bloomberg family
office event uh yesterday. It it's
interesting too. We asked him, you know,
then what is it going to be to really
draw more investors, more people to move
to Hong Kong? He said, look, tax breaks,
you know, we we might not want to be
have this race to the bottom right now.
Um, they might be just on par with
everything else and what you're seeing
in Singapore and the like. Um,
>> so it's still better than Singapore
here.
>> Yeah. But, you know, in some ways,
right, but he he wants to look at other
sort of reasons why people want to move
to Hong Kong. He talked about schooling
and the international schools they have
here. They talked about food, culture,
and the like. And I think, you know,
when you have two of the best
restaurants in Asia right here in Hong
Kong, yeah, that certainly does draw
some people over here, right? Take a
look at this. Right. So, Asia's 50 best
was announced yesterday. You're looking
at pictures of Chef Danny Yib of Hong
Kong's the chairman winning the top
spot. Number two was Wing, also in Hong
Kong in the same building as the
chairman. Um, I I love these
restaurants. You know why? I think just
because they're both so focused and and
elevating Cantonese traditional heritage
and food and and really um it's
interesting, right, that the two number
the two top spots are Cantonese cuisine.
>> Yeah. I mean, and it's not just the top
two spots actually. Hong Kong's really
well represented across the list because
>> best bar.
>> Oh yeah, best bar. We can't forget that.
Best hotel. Best hotel. But well, this
is the top five. But but also I mean we
had neighborhood estro caprice mono as
well. So there's there's very good
representation from the city when it
comes to the restaurant side. But yeah
to your point I mean the the overall
>> tourism scene here's a lot to lot of
draw cards really. World's best bar as
you said world's best hotel that's the
role one of course what's not to like
sounds like a great night in Hong Kong.
Yeah. Uh, you want to read more about,
of course, Asia's best restaurants and
the like, you can read that list on our
Hong Kong edition newsletter that's out
every Thursday, a special edition when
it comes to restaurants here this week.
And sign up by scanning the QR code on
your screen or through our website,
bloomberg.com/newsletters.
Well, in some world news this morning,
the Czech automaker SCOD will exit the
Chinese market this year. That's after a
prolonged sales slump. The Volkswagen
owned car maker says its models will be
available in the world's biggest auto
market only until mid 2026. The moves
being driven by China's rapid shift to
locally made EVs. The US agency
overseeing airport security says
operations are under severe strain from
critical staffing shortages. Travelers
are now facing the longest wait times on
record with some stuck in cues for
almost 5 hours. A partial government
shutdown has left the TSA without
funding for about 40 days and remains
deadlocked over disputes on immigration
policy.
Meta and Google say they'll appeal
against a California court decision
holding them liable for a young woman's
mental health struggles. A jury ordered
the tech giants to pay $6 million to the
woman. That's after a landm landmark
case rather centered on social media
addiction. The decision highlights the
potential multi-billion dollar exposure
of social platforms s facing thousands
of similar lawsuits. Yeah, I mean Avon,
this was a very very interesting sort of
litmus test essentially and what could
eventually end up setting a precedent as
well because it was a verdict that came
in that LA court on the 9th day of
deliberations. But essentially just
shows how difficult it can be to
ascertain the extent to which social
media companies are potentially causing
mental health harms. But I mean the risk
here of course is that big tech could be
looking at at a wave of settlement
negotiations with more cases coming up
later this year. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
putting social media in the same
category as big tobacco and opioid
makers, I think, is quite a signal
there, right, of really what this could
mean for these these these companies
moving forward. They're going to have to
change the advertising business. They're
going to have to change these products
in a way that now they need to take
legal responsibility. And you talk about
the fine, right? $6 million in damages.
That's a drop in the bucket for a lot of
these tech companies, but the
implications of what they have to do
next could be pretty huge here.
>> Yeah, that's right. And and just to to
give more nuance to this specific case,
I mean this is a this is a woman who who
said that she started watching videos on
YouTube age six, began using Instagram
at 9 and then was blaming the platform
for various harm or the platforms for
various harms. It's not the content
that's being shown, it's the way that
the platform is created.
>> Yeah. Um so it does this, you know, this
case does it lead to more government
regulations? I think that's the key
thing to watch uh moving forward. But
yeah, uh certainly what a development
there when it comes to of course these
social media platforms. Let's take a
look at some other, you know, markets
and what's really moving. We're checking
some of these memory stocks here this
morning. Um so this new Google Google
technology, uh is raising some doubts.
Um so certainly that's one thing to
watch. You're seeing a lot of these
memory stock names moving substantially
lower here this morning. Um and we're
talking about the benchmarks here. We
talked about really things just drifting
a bit lower here today. you know, lack
of really conviction really when it
comes to the Iran situation. But take a
look at Quai Show. You are seeing a 13
and a half percent drop there. Session
lows for the stock in the back of those
earnings there. And that really is
dragging the hang here today. We're down
about 1%. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and it is looking to be a little
bit on the down day here today. A lot of
has to do with earnings given what we've
been seeing in some of these tech uh
results have come through. Uh certainly
POPMAR is an ongoing story here as well.
So we are around those session lows
lower by about 9/10en of 1% here today.
Bill.
>> Yeah, exactly. Quai show for instance
also one of the ones that's really
slipping at the start of trade but but
broadly in the session today you've got
investors that are really just trying to
understand the latest headlines around
what's going on in Iran and and how
close exactly are negotiators getting to
to reaching any sort of uh deal between
uh Washington and Thran. We've got
Jamaanna on standby. So, we'll go to her
in just a few moments. But in the
meantime, as well, just sort of
monitoring the market reaction to that
and the reaction from governments as
well because South Korea's uh leader has
just been urging citizens for instance
to reduce their power use. So, that is
one of the key themes today. The other
one today that we should note and you
can see that really being reflected in
the Cosby is is what we've got from
Alphabet. So, they're talking about
these new compression techniques for
LLMs. Lots of technical details in that
but just suffice to say the question is
do we need as much memory and that is
why you're seeing names like SKH
highinex and Samsung under pressure. Uh
let's take a look as well what's
happening in the currency space because
we have been watching the dollar again
lots of fluctuations here. You can see
some weakness there for the Korean one
that could also be impacting what we're
seeing in the equity moves as well. But
that is the picture there for FX bonds.
The big story has been the 2-year
Japanese yield today because we're at
the highest now since 1996.
So it's that continuing case. We're
continuing to see uh building for a
near-term Bank of Japan rate hike. of
course the front end more sensitive to
what we see in terms of expectations
around rates but let's also take a look
at commodities because as we said it is
that big focus on what's happening in in
the Middle East we've seen gold
continuing its retreat Brent crude there
you can see a little higher of
>> yeah 100 bucks has been sort of the new
normal really that we've been hovering
on as we look at these lingering
questions that still remain around where
we are in this Iran situation President
Trump says talks with Iran are ongoing
despite publicly rejecting US overtures
and issuing fresh conditions to end the
conflict.
>> We settled eight wars. People sort of
forget. And we're winning another one. I
tell you, we're winning so big. Nobody's
ever seen anything like we're doing in
the Middle East with Iran. And they are
negotiating, by the way, and they want
to make a deal so badly, but they're
afraid to say it because they figure
they'll be killed by their own people.
They're also afraid they'll be killed by
us.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg Horizon's
Middle Eastern Africa anchor Jamanna
Beti joining us now from Dubai. So
Jamanna, just just bring us up to speed
because it seems like Tyrron and
Washington are essentially sort of at
opposite ends of the spectrum as to how
talks and negotiations are actually
going.
>> Yeah. And I think it's important to
remind people that uh we're running up
to that 5-day deadline that is tomorrow
evening over here in the region. So,
we've got, you know, a little over 24 48
hours at most uh in order to us for us
to reach some agreement before that
deadline expires, the one that President
Trump put out on Monday. Uh, and still
the two sides appear to be very very far
apart. Uh, Bloomberg learned yesterday
that the US had handed Iran a 15point
draft proposal via Pakistan. We spent
most of the day yesterday waiting for
Iran's official response to come through
and we got a response but via the press
TV. So again, not official commentary
from any of the senior figureheads that
have been calling the shots here.
essentially rejecting the US's terms and
going one step further and laying out
their conditions to end the war,
including asurances that the US would
never strike again and asking for
reparations in addition to reconfiguring
the clout that they have over the street
of Hormos. So many of these starting
points are actually non-starters for the
US and also for many Gulf states as well
who would not accept a condition in
which Iran has still effective control
of the straight of Hormuz. So, as we
understand, as we get closer to the
weekend, no formal discussions have been
set. The two seem to be extremely far
apart. And at the same time, you have to
look at all of the other signals that
are coming through. And the fact that it
is day 26 of this war, it doesn't seem
to be letting up. Overnight, Iran still
struck 70 targets around the region,
including some key sites in Israel. Once
again, missiles being intercepted in
Saudi Arabia, in Kuwait, sirens going
off in Bahin. Uh, and uh, Caroline Levit
herself even said, this is the White
House press secretary, that if Iran does
not ac accept the terms of the deal,
then all hell will be unleashed. So
there are two strands going on here. An
attempt for sure to re revive the
diplomatic channels, but at the same
time, all of the operations on the
ground point to still further
intensification.
>> So So what should we be watching out
for? I mean, you say we're so close to
that 5-day deadline
>> right now. How how serious do you think
the two sides are when it comes to to to
talking here right now? And what could
be that possible offramp? Yeah, I mean
one thing that you need to think about
also is this is a lot of diplomatic
posturing and you typically when when
when diplomacy talks starts the two
sides tend to be very far apart. It that
is why you have negotiations and that is
why the two sides end up meeting. There
were some reports suggesting that JB
Vance was going to be flying to Pakistan
over the course of this weekend perhaps
to engage in some of those discussions
but again that has not been confirmed
either by the White House or by the
Iranians. One other thing to watch is
we've been reporting about the
deployment of extra Marines, airborne
troops that are being directed to the
region as well. Some amphibious uh
vessels, some more war carriers making
their way through. Uh and as we
understand it, it's going to take a
couple of weeks for them to arrive and
be positioned in the Gulf. So that could
be one signal as well uh that the US are
perhaps thinking about getting troops
involved on the ground or whether they
could potentially think about taking
over Kar Island or positioning troops on
the coastline. Of course, they would not
do that if it was deemed to be too
risky. At the same time, we've also
heard from the Iranian speaker of the
parliament who tends to be quite
outspoken on true social and he warned
that if if any neighboring country
allows the US for their land to be used
for the for troops to take over one of
their islands, then they would would re
receive the brunt of retaliation.
Another warning coming through to Gulf
States and of course many of them are
situated geographically very close to
Iran. So there is an understanding that
these Marines are moving into the
neighborhood. Uh and on the back of
that, you know, once again, this could
be an escalatory point because Iran have
said that they wouldn't hold back on
retaliation if that did happen.
>> Yeah, certainly a fast developing
situation. As you said, we're coming up
against that deadline as well in in very
short order. That was our Bloomberg
Horizon's M East and Africa anchor
Jamaanna Beti there joining us from
Dubai. And coming up, we're actually
going to talk more about this options
for getting oil out of the Middle East
as well. We'll be joined by Bernard
Schultter, ship management. Plus, we've
got the Stone Peak CEO, this is a really
big interview, joining us from the APAC
Financial and Innovation Symposium, and
the Bow June CEO Vincent K uh with us to
talk about their fourth quarter profit
beat and the outlook for China's
consumer sector. We'll leave you with
some of these pictures out of the Boa
Forum in Hainan where MPC standing
committee chairman and China's number
three Ja Gi is making his keynote
speech.
>> Proud to be one of the few international
organizations that are still committed
to rebuilding trust, re reigniting
solidarity and rekindling cooperation.
At a time of growing division, chaos,
uncertainty, and complexity,
what we need, what we need more than
ever.
Now, each new day that the straight of
Hormuz remains largely closed to
shipping, well, it does cast a longer
shadow over what happens with the global
economy. ensuring vessels to sail
through the straight is still possible,
but premiums have also soared.
>> Yeah, on that uh note, let's speak to
one of the world's leading ship managers
overseeing a fleet of more than 600
vessels. Uh joining us now from the APAC
Maritime Conference in Singapore is
Raymond Peter. He's managing director at
Bernard Schultter ship management.
Raymond, thanks very much for your time.
I think we can get started with of
course what's happening with the
Straight of Hormuz. We are seeing some
ships managing to get through. Uh do you
have any vessels that are passing
through at this point in time?
>> Uh yes. Uh at the moment now uh we had
vessels in in Indic and uh in the area
of Straight of Homos but at the moment
now we're not transiting the street of
Homos. uh one of our vessels is there uh
safely anchored at the Al Jubel area and
uh we just provided for them extra
provision and water and uh the crew is
safe. Uh we have spoken to them, we keep
in touch with them psychologically we do
keep in touch with them and his family
and we maintain the relationship with
them and engagement positively.
>> What would it take? I mean, we've seen
some, you know, tankers go through
safely. Um, you know, Iran has mentioned
about these sort of non-aggressive, uh,
vessels can go through, but what
specific measures do you see, Raymond,
that could allow for some of these oil
tankers to comfortably uh, go through
this waterway again?
>> Yeah. So, it's uh, important that we
understand the role of each players in
this supply chain. I think the master's
role as far as master's over overriding
authority uh as per the solar
requirements is very very critical. So
he has to take the final call to ensure
the safety of the crew, the safety of
the ship and safety of the environment
before taking any call on making the
transit over the straight of Homos. uh
and we are there to support as ship
operators and ship owners making sure
that we support him in the decision
making process as per the governing
requirements for ISM and MLC
requirements.
>> What sort of assumptions are you making
then or projections around how long the
waterway will be closed for effectively?
Uh yes, I mean uh we we do hear from the
news that maybe uh there will be a deal
soon. Uh we hope that comes to fusion,
but at the moment now there is still a
lot of tension and the biggest concern
for us as ship operators and ship owners
are the ones in the forefront of this
tension which are the shipboard staff on
board. As you can see many of these
geopolitical tensions and conflicts puts
them in the forefront and they get
caught in between uh this conflict and I
think we have to make sure the duty of
care remains with most of the parties
involved to make sure that they stay
safe throughout the whole process of
this conflict and we have to manage the
tension
>> and I'm just curious to see what what
you think would really get oil flows
running again. you know, does it take a
ceasefire? Do you think that will be
enough for for some of these, you know,
oil tankers and and companies and
vessels to feel comfortable going
through the straight of Hormuz? Or do
you do we need to see something more
substantial in terms of a deal, for
example, for things to start to really
pick up again?
I mean to to to be uh politically
correct uh I mean for us as as ship
operators and ship managers uh our whole
key uh criteria or vital uh crucial uh
point at this moment is to ensure the
safety of our ship staff on board. uh I
think uh we have to leave the political
tensions out of this picture because we
cannot dictate the terms of the
political uh purposes between parties
the US and Iran and and and some of the
parties are trying their best to come up
with a solution but it again in
conflicts such as this there's no uh
immediate solution so we have to ride
the storm as we go on and we have to
take the best possible actions to ensure
the safety of our people that is the
forefront of our purpose at this moment
now to ensure safety of our people at at
the place of host hostility.
>> Yeah. And as you said, you do have one
vessel that's effectively stranded right
now that you are in in it seems uh you
know frequent communication with. But
but to that point, what sort of uh
compensation are you offering those
seafarers and and what sort of
contingency places or plans rather do
you have in place for any sort of
individual emergencies?
Yeah. So we we as as a prudent chip
manager we ensure risk management is
always done. Uh and also it's uh
basically uh something which is dynamic.
We look into the news social media. We
keep in touch with our PNI club. We keep
in touch with the correspondents locally
there of Al Jubel. Uh we make sure that
uh the the crew members and our ship
staff are are constantly engaged in a
positive manner. uh we have
psychologists to be able to reach out to
them if at all they need some help. So
uh we make sure the food the provision
water uh is sustainable the fuel uh we
like I just said we just brought the
vessel alongside to ensure all this is
uh uh uh adequately provided for the
ship staff and we make sure that we stay
uh connected to them. We keep the
families uh connected and we make sure
that we we keep the open communication
with them. Uh and then we ensure uh we
keep in touch with the unions uh
ensuring and the flag of the vessel the
class to keep the crew members safe at
all times. The touch points are very
very important to ensure their safety.
>> But Raymond are you offering extra
financial compensation for instance?
>> Yeah we are we are just following
whatever the uh bonuses as per the war
insurance is providing. Yeah, we just
follow the union requirements as well as
the PNI club cover insurance. Yeah.
>> Um, what what are some conversations
like with with seafares at the moment?
What are they saying about this crisis
and and how do you handle really the the
crewing situation here right now just
given all those uncertainties that
you've laid out?
>> Yeah. So the like I mentioned earlier
the duty of care as us as pro operators
and ship owners to is to ensure the
safety of our staff on board who are in
the forefront. Uh it is sad to see that
at at all times of this hostility uh
currently in the Middle East in the Gulf
of uh you know Arabian Gulf. We saw that
previously last year with the Swiss
canal and the attacks of the Houthis uh
and and the ship staff again being uh
the brunt of the receiving end. So we
have to make sure uh you know the
industry themselves come together to to
ensure the human rights of the seaf
farers are protected throughout this
period. But meanwhile what is within our
control we have to make sure that we are
providing them all the support.
>> All right Raymond thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was
Raymond Peter there managing director at
Burnhard Schultter Ship Management. And
we're actually going to have more from
the AP pack maritime event coming up
because we've got the CEO of a company
specializing in transporting petroleum
products. Uh they're going to be giving
us their views on the Iran war and
options for ending the global fuel
crunch. That interview is actually
coming up later this morning uh with
Hinder on Insight. Yeah. I'm going to
leave you with some live pictures. So
the Boa Forum in Hainan when NPC
standing committee chairman China's
number three Jaala Gi making his keynote
speech in Hainan and and really starting
things off and talking about now about
the geopolitics right geopolitical
conflicts and regional war keep
emerging. We'll have more coming up.
This is Wilberg.
All right, taking you live back to those
pictures at the Boa Forum in Hain where
NBC standing committee chairman Ja Gi is
making his keynote speech. Uh he is the
number three uh in charge in China. So
uh he talked about geopolitics and what
this regional war keeps emerging. Uh
let's listen in.
We all value independence, self-reliance
and peaceful coexistence.
>> It is essential that we implement the
vision of global governance featuring
extensive consultation and joint
contribution for shared benefit true
multilateralism.
firmly safeguard the international
system centered on the UN and the
international order based on
international law.
Advocate
an equal and orderly multipolar world
and make the global governance system
more just and equitable.
We should avoid suspicion and distrust
and build a better future of mutual
respect and trust.
Asia is a major birthplace of human
civilization
and witnessed different civilizations
illuminating each other throughout
millennia. The ancient Silk Road stands
as a testimony to the friendly exchanges
and mutual learning among Asian peoples.
In this day and age, it is important
that we implement the global
civilization initiative, respect
cultural diversity, champion the common
values of humanity, and reject clash of
civilizations and ideological
confrontation
so as to open up a new chapter of
exchanges, harmony,
and close people-to-people bonds for all
countries of the world and promote the
progress of human civilization.
Ladies and gentlemen, friends, it is
China's unwavering goal to grow its
economy and improve people's livelihoods
and in that process promote the common
development of all countries.
After five years of unremitting efforts,
China's 14th 5-year plan was brought to
a successful conclusion
and solid new strides were made in
advancing Chinese modernization.
Over the past 5 years, the Chinese
economy registered an average annual
growth rate of 5.4% 4%
and surpassed
R&B 140 trillion yen.
China's per capita GDP exceeded$13,000
US.
The Chinese economy steadily contributes
around 30% of global growth
and remains an important engine driving
the world economy.
Just recently,
China's National People's Congress
approved the outline of the 15th 5-year
plan for economic and social
development, which set out the main
targets and major tasks for national
development. In the next 5 years, China
will fully and faithfully apply the new
development philosophy on all fronts.
move faster to create a new pattern of
development. Promote highquality
development, work for higher quality
economic growth while achieving an
appropriate increase in economic output
and will make solid progress in
advancing well-rounded personal
development and common per prosperity
for all.
China will further expand high standard
opening up and share opportunities
and create a better future together with
the rest of the world.
China will continue to expand domestic
demand and share the dividends of our
super sized market
in 1.4 four billion people and the
world's largest fastest growing middle
income group. There lies
enormous potential
for
investment and consumption.
We will highlight the need to improve
living standards and increase consumer
spending and the need to invest in both
physical assets and people.
actively expand investment and
consumption in telecommunications,
education, health care, elderly care,
and child care,
and continue to organize such events as
the China International Import Expo,
China Import and Export Fair, China
International Consumer Products Expo,
China International Supply Chain Expo,
China International Fair for Trading
Services, and China International Fair
for Investment and Trade. Companies all
over the world are welcome to commit to
the Chinese market and gain a
competitive edge in global competition.
China will stay committed to
innovationdriven development and
continue to generate growth momentum.
>> All right. Well, you've just been
listening to to
lines here that are coming out of the
Boow forum essentially, but it is
underway this morning and really just
just uh giving a sense of of what China
wants to see here or what they're really
pushing for, which is for for an
unwavering goal that you heard there to
improve people's livelihoods, but then
also uh non-inference in other
countries.
>> Yeah, that's interesting, right? uh when
he's talking about these geopolitical
sort of headlines that are crossing
through and really promoting peace and
more collaboration with the rest of the
world but they should uphold
non-inference
in other count's internal affairs. I
will have more coming up. This is
Bloomberg
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
heading to lunch break in just a moment.
You are seeing a bit of a down day in
terms of stocks. Uh we just got this
line from Kyoto. So, local media there
is saying that Japan has begun releasing
its national oil reserves. This was
reported earlier uh as well uh from the
trade ministry earlier this week. So,
they're set to release around 8.5
million kilo kilers of oil worth about
$3.4 billion. So, uh they have begun
this process. Obviously, we have seen a
lot of Asian nations and economies try
to grapple with these, of course, higher
oil prices and finding ways uh to really
kind of help consumers and the like. And
certainly, you know, we heard from the
Philippines as well about, you know,
declaring an an emergency when it comes
to uh this energy crisis as well. So, uh
that's the latest from Japan. You take a
look at how JGBs are. That two-year
yield is the highest we've seen since
the '9s, right? So we're at 132 levels
here right now just given the fact that
yeah this oil price shock certainly is
possibly going to have to push the BOJ
to hike sooner than later.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean it is that sort
of case that's building for a near-term
hike there. And just to mention as well,
it's not just uh the Philippines and
also Japan, but we had uh South Korea,
for instance, urging citizens early this
hour to to reduce their power use. So
certainly lots of nations really
grappling with these these shortages.
But let's also turn to some of the news
out of the private credit sector because
uh Lloyd Blankenfin, the former CEO of
Goldman Sachs, says the accumulation of
unsold private assets on investors
balance sheets is a warning that some
may be overvalued. He cautioned that a
spark could trigger a widespread
crackdown.
The real way you know the value of what
you have is if you sell some in the
market and then you know what a willing
buyer would pay for it. So you know that
that's the price of it. That doesn't
happen a lot in these instruments
because they don't transact and also
sometimes in private credit they're
limited size. So there's not enough of
it to justify another buyer coming in to
buy a little smidgen of it to test the
price.
Area Strategic Income Fund has confirmed
it received share repurchase requests
totaling 11.6% of common shares
outstanding exceeding its 5% framework.
The fund says it will fulfill 43% of the
requested amounts and that it maintains
significant liquidity. The majority of
the requests came from a limited number
of family offices and smaller
institutions.
And Jeff has posted quarterly results
that miss Wall Street estimates due to
losses on credits. The firm's investment
bankers posted their strongest first
quarter results on record, while
earnings of 70 cents a share missed the
87% or 87 cent rather estimate. Jeffre
is the first US bank to report earnings
amid concerns about private credit and
geopolitical upheaval. Let's continue
our coverage of the Asia-Pacific
Financial and Innovation Symposium in
Melbourne. The our Asia trade co-anchor
Heidi Stra Watts is standing by with our
next guest with the co-founder of one of
the largest privatelyowned
infrastructure investment firms in the
world. Heidi?
>> Yeah. Here with us now for our next
conversation is Michael Doro who's a
chairman CEO and co-founder at Stone
Peak. They manage about $84 billion when
it comes to assets and of course a big
focus is on infrastructure. But I do
want to start off with kind of the
broader macroeconomic and geopolitical
environment. Has that made any
difference to the way that you're
looking at your assets and capital
deployment?
>> Sure. It's got us more interested in
investing candidly. So we're investing
in these very very high quality
businesses and frankly getting them at
fair pricing is maybe the toughest part
of our role. So funnily enough when
interest rates are higher and volatility
is elevated that's when we're frankly
able to deploy more productively. So
over the last seven quarters alone we
put $22 billion of equity to work. I've
been doing this a long time. That's the
most active period we've had in my time
at Stone Peak. So, um, that's how we're
seeing things.
>> What are you opportunistic on right now?
>> There's a bunch of mega trends that
really hit infrastructure hard. So,
you've got the huge digitization mega
trend. We do a lot of data centers. I'm
quite big on building data centers.
We're building $30 billion worth of data
centers today throughout Asia and the US
in particular. You've got the energy
transition mega trend. Um, candidly
that's been a little bit of a tougher
one to invest behind globally. We find
some of the returns in renewables pretty
tough in the US and Europe. In Asia, we
see a lot of opportunity in renewables.
We're building close to um 20 billion
worth of renewables in Asia. We're doing
a lot of traditional energy in the US,
particularly gas infrastructure. So
we're building close to $20 billion
worth of gas infrastructure in the US.
Then you've got the third mega trend
which is all the investing in logistics
and supply chain. You've got supply
chain robustness, you've got onshoring,
French shoring, automation. So all of
those thematics require a lot of capital
and are big themes.
>> I wanted to unpick some of the the
themes that you were talking about. So
when it comes to energy, has the energy
security conversation changed uh some of
the conversations around what energy
infrastructure be it renewables or
traditional energy assets that would be
investable or more interesting right
now.
>> It's a great point enormously. So if you
went back to pre the Russia Ukraine
situation ESG was driving really a lot
of people's investment decision making
well over and above energy security and
so it was almost difficult to get
capital to go and invest into
traditional energy. Um but since the
Ukraine Russia situation the pendulum
has swung back quite a quite a lot
frankly and now energy security has
become just as important as ESG and
environmental considerations and then of
course you see what's going on in Iran
at the moment and we take oil and gas
and you know energy for everyday life
for granted until of course it becomes
in question and then you realize just
how fundamental that is to the way we
live. So absolutely energy security is
on the top of everybody's minds today
and really since the Russia Ukraine
situation I would say
>> the other area that's contentious is um
the AI scare trade and you see that you
know in terms of some of the software um
woes that are playing out at the moment
but you spoke about the um assets in
data centers you obviously speak with AI
companies and hyperscalers all the time
are there sort of a bit of concern there
or is it very much a confidence that
this will just keep going on.
>> So what we've seen frankly is an
acceleration in demand for a data center
space even the last 3 to 6 months or so.
So it's certainly not lost on us how
buoyant that sector is and it's not lost
on us that we can have cycles in all
these different situations. But from a
fact on the ground standpoint, a demand
for data center space,
there's quite optimistic forecasts. But
then we find our optimistic forecasts
get exceeded in reality. And just to
give you a an example data point. So
we're a big data center owner in the US
and Asia. Like for example, 25% of all
data center traffic moves through our
data centers in the US and we own or are
exposed to something like 20% of all
independent data centers in Asia. So we
see a breadth of the market. We like to
keep about 5 years worth of future
inventory where we have land with power
to build future data centers. In the
last 6 months, we've sold almost the
entire 5 years worth of inventory. So,
who knows whether that trend continues
at that speed, but certainly the current
facts on the ground are an acceleration
if anything for data center demand. just
looking at just in the last few months
the the the type of assets in the range
retirement living gas pipelines fuel
distribution lubricants with the Castro
deal um big energy and and data center
is diversification just the name of the
game for you at the moment
>> we certainly like to be diversified it's
not our only driver of course what what
we're looking to do you said it earlier
we're looking to be opportunistic we're
looking to find very strong franchise
businesses where we think we can get
them for a fair price sometimes that's a
grind sometimes it's very difficult to
find those opportunities. But the last
18 months or so, we've seen frankly
quite frequently these very good
franchise businesses that in our minds
are for sale. And so, uh, we have been
able to both get high quality
businesses, put a lot of capital to
work, but diversify as well. And
certainly if we can diversify, we'd
rather do that than lean into one sector
individually. So, um, yeah, you're
absolutely right. It's been a nice time
to grab assets across the state.
>> Your energy assets, have you seen any
disruptions as a result of the war?
>> Not to date. So, we check on that very
very frequently. Again, we're a big
energy investor. To give you an idea, we
move 20% of all crude oil in the US. We
move 10% of all Seabor LG. We move. And
we're the biggest provider of diesel to
regional Australia. So, we've got a very
broad exposure to energy. I talk to
those CEOs all the time. In fact, I sat
down with our it's called I. It's our
diesel distributor here in regional
Australia. I sat down with him earlier
this week. We've just had our tanks
fully topped up there. We get our diesel
come down from Singapore. So, we're not
seeing any signs of disruption today.
Obviously, prices are on the way up, but
it's also one of those situations where
you've got to watch it week by week. So,
I feel very good for the near
foreseeable future, but let's talk again
in a month.
>> Yeah. going forward.
>> It's just hard to know when you've got
20% of crude oil disrupted. Obviously
over time that can cause some actual
physical disruptions. We haven't seen it
so far, but as this prolongs the risk of
that obviously starts to become
something we need to look at.
>> Really great to chat with you. Thanks.
>> Appreciate your time.
>> Bel back to you.
>> Thanks Heidi. That was Heidi Strawart
there with Michael Dorl the chairman CEO
and co-founder at Stone Peak. really
great interview there talking about of
course the disruptions in the straight
of Hormuz but also the demand around
data centers as well but another story
has actually just come out in the last
few minutes and this is according to our
sources but what we're hearing is that
China Vanka is looking to delay yet
another bond uh we do understand that
it's also working on some sort of
restructuring plan we are seeing that
stock just a little bit under pressure
so far in the sess session but of course
is a riskoff day overall but the company
of course is facing more than 11 billion
yuan bond on maturities in the coming
months and it does need to win the
backing of what holders of more than 90%
of those notes to secure an extension.
So, we'll get more details ahead, but
another big interview coming up.
>> Yeah, we're speaking exclusively to the
CEO of Bow Jun, which runs Gap Stores in
China, about their earnings outlook and
the health of the country's consumer
revival. Vincent Chu joins us next. This
is Bloomberg.
All right, welcome back. You're watching
the China show. Let's focus a little bit
more on consumption, the retail sector
here in China. And certainly, Baojun is
one company that we've been tracking.
the Chinese firm that runs the greater
China businesses of clothing retailer
Gap and the British boot brand Hunter.
The company reported fourth quarter net
revenue yesterday that beat analyst
forecasts at $459 million, but it's
fullear net loss for 2025 grew to almost
35 million.
>> Yeah, let's uh let's get more on this.
Now, joining us exclusively is Vincent
Chu. He's founder, chairman, and CEO
Bowin. So, thanks very much for coming
into the studio to speak with us this
morning. And yeah, we want to get
straight into gap China because that is
sort of the the key question here. You
just managed to achieve as you said the
first break even quarter in at the end
of last year. Are we looking at some
sort of inflection point and exactly how
did you manage to do it as well?
>> Yeah, I think it's uh very important for
us and means a lot to us. Yeah. Firstly,
I think the you know last quarter uh the
fourth quarter of 2025
>> uh is the first quarter for gap to break
even
>> and it means that our new built model is
not working finally
>> and then you know in the coming three
years we are ready to accelerate the
business and trying to scale into a
bigger you know business size. So that
is very important to us and uh our team
is very excited about that. Yeah.
>> What have you done right? I mean it's
hard to it's hard it's rare to see a
western fashion brand
>> now compete with the likes of local
brands in China. What what do you think
Gap has managed to do? Have you
effectively found a way to connect to
Chinese customers and consumers and and
boost sales again?
>> Yeah, I think there's two levels. first
level from Bosun level or corporate
level. I think you know the first thing
is that we dare to make the decision cuz
uh we knew that in you know after the
decision in the coming years we need to
endure a lot of uh you know losses and
also you know low stock prices. So you
need some courage to do that. Yeah for
uh you know GAP China we have a really
great team. The CEO is outstanding. The
team is so working very hard and
experienced and also we call this MMC
three key factors for them to to be
successful that means merchandising uh
marketing and also channel you know uh
so all these kind of three uh you know
factors need to be localized uh to adopt
to the local customers. So I think that
is a key thing for them to be successful
today. Yeah.
>> Yeah. on that localization strategy. How
does GAP China then look different to
say Gap US or or GAP in in other
markets? What what are the the secrets
to that?
>> Yeah, there's a a famous Hong Kong drink
called Yinyang.
>> Yes.
>> You know, this is like a you know tea
mixed with coffee. I think we adopt a
lot of uh you know brand assets from the
US uh you know gap and this is a coffee
part and then we listen to the local
customers voice. So that's T part. So
eventually we'll you know make a very uh
good mixture of tea and coffee which is
yinyang to the local customers. For
example for supply chain if we all buy
the United States products is too slow
to meet the you know the requirements
but right now we are doing the local
supply chain so we're faster and we know
what to to provide to the market.
>> Yeah and you anticipate the following
now 2025 or the onwards sustained
profitable growth. Yes, I hope so.
>> Are you starting to see that momentum
really kick in now?
>> Uh actually uh I think you know the the
Chinese consumer market is recovering a
little and we are doing a very excellent
job. So you know this Q1 we also see a
very strong
>> growth compared to even you know Q4 uh
last year. So you know that we call we
are you know just want to enter into
acceleration stage of the business
>> and by 2028 we want to achieve you know
several times of the operating profit
today which will be more than maybe 550
million R&B. Yeah for us is is a is a
big number.
>> Yeah. How do you feel about just the
consumption market in China in the
coming year? I mean obviously we talk
about def you know deflation we talk
about price wars in multiple sectors
here right now. Do you see any signs of
any sort of recovery?
>> We are helping a lot of uh international
brands doing business in China.
>> You know firstly we help them to
establish the e-commerce channels uh and
then you know with uh achievement of BBM
brand management right now we are doing
more merchandising marketing uh MMC uh
the three uh factors. So uh actually for
most of the brands we are you know
seeing a more and more uh bigger
confidence for the coming years uh you
know but always uh recently we think the
the macro is always challenging
>> but for us for the brand e-commerce and
also brand commerce business we think
this um
>> will be very rewarding. Yeah. We see a
lot of you know successful
>> uh spa companies or apparel companies
successfully you know ahead of us. Yeah.
>> So you've got that advisory side to the
business working with western brands how
they can try and move into into the
market
>> but but what about actually acquiring?
Would you would you look at at uh
bringing them more closely in into the
portfolio do you think?
>> Yeah there's a very famous Chinese
saying we say
one which means one generator two
generator three gen everything like
this. Yeah. So number one we uh make a
gap right now it's quite successful.
Second one we have a you know British
rain boots you know brand Hunter
>> Hunter. Yeah.
>> Yeah. We are we are have already have
the third one. Yeah. So I think in the
coming years we have a very strong
pipeline you know we are working with
more than 400 brands in e-commerce. All
the three you know brand management
including GAP Hunter and the other one.
>> What is the other one?
>> We started from the e-commerce business.
Oh
>> yeah, the British uh you know uh sport
apparel. They don't want to be mentioned
of the name. So yeah, just
>> British sports apparel.
>> Yes,
>> I think we've got some ideas on that
one.
>> In Hong Kong, they had several stores
before.
>> I mean, are you looking to acquire then?
I mean, given the success of Gap and you
figured a way to kind of turn around the
China business. I mean, are are western
fashion brands knocking at your door
now? Right now when we talk about you
know brand management we mean at least
we're doing the license business means
that we design the products
>> but in in the future it's all possible
for us to acquiring the IP maybe for the
the future other brands. Yeah.
>> Uh Vincent, I'm still sad that you
closed the Hong Kong gap uh in the
Heisen building uh during the a few
years ago. But talk about store
expansion plans for for Gap China now.
What what what are they going to look
like?
>> Yeah, in China mainland of course we
have a plan to open 50 more stores.
>> Okay. you know, this year and also, you
know, in tier one to tier three uh
cities and we are back. We're back in
Hong Kong. Are you? Yeah, very soon.
Yeah.
>> Oh, when? Hong Kong Macau. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> When exactly later this year or this
year?
>> Yeah. Our plans later this year. Yeah.
>> Okay. Told me the Gap baby clothes are
very good. So, I
>> Annabelle needs some baby clothes. So do
I. So,
>> thank you so much.
>> Yeah. But I want I want to ask then just
on the the brand strategy because you're
going back to that localization story
and and this this idea around the the
Yun Yunyang brand. Yeah.
>> Does the strategy for for Hunter the the
British sports apparel brand gap does
that look the same or do you really
differentiate according to to the the
specific one you're working with?
>> Yeah, I think talking about localization
they're all the same. But talking about
the you know the the the the individual
brands are very different from each
other. American brands, British brands,
you know sports and apparel all
different. So you know all the uh the
brand management team will be separate.
They will have a separate strategy. What
we are going to do support them with
money, financial resources, I technology
we are good at and also the e-commerce
experience. Do you emphasize the brand
origins at all or do you downplay that?
Like do you want to say that this is an
American brand or do you want to say
this is the British uh you know rain
boots or whatever? How does that work?
>> Uh sometimes in in China we don't need
to speak that loud cuz you know
consumers are smart. They know what is
what. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Very interesting. Vincent, thank
you for joining us and as we said
congratulations on those results and
looking forward to having Gap back in
Hong Kong. That is
>> pumped. All right,
>> we broke some news. I like that.
Vincent, thank you so much for joining
us.
>> That was Vincent Chu there, our founder,
chairman, and CEO of Bjun. And a
reminder, of course, of our new online
feature, that's the Bloomberg video hub.
Uh subscribers can explore live
streaming, news, and interviews. All of
our Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and more. So, do
check it out at bloomberg.com/videos.
More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
In some corporate news this morning, the
Czech automaker SCOD is going to be
exiting the Chinese market this year.
That's after a prolonged sales slump.
The Volkswagen owned car maker says its
models will be available in the world's
biggest auto market only until mid 2026.
The moves being driven by China's rapid
shift to locally made EVs. Airbus has
won an order from China Eastern Airlines
forund 101 A320 Neo aircraft. That's in
a deal valued at nearly $16 billion. The
order extends the plane makaker's
dominance in the world's second largest
aviation market. The jets are going to
be delivered in batches between 2028 and
2032. Since July 2022, major Chinese
airlines have ordered or committed to a
combined 554 Airbus aircraft, including
this latest deal. Yep. Take a look when
it comes to market movers here this
morning. In terms of the top losers on
the HSI, these are the ones here. The
damage report looking like this. Quai is
leaning the board. We're down still some
13%. I think those are still those
session lows there. Uh against these
earnings, which were actually in line
with estimates, but there has been
concerns about the the rise in AI
investment and the like for the company.
The stock now uh it's down to about $46.
Popart, wow, we're 7% lower here after
what was already a record drop of 23%
yesterday on the back of their earnings.
Are they relying too much on Laboos uh
for this sort of growth? That certainly
is the question. Uh we have seen a wave
of price targets being slashed from the
sell side here this morning on PopMart
as well. I think Deutsche actually uh
changed the recommendation uh as well.
So certainly there's a lot at hand.
Healthcare also in focus on this
long-term care insurance plan as well.
Seeing a mixed picture there, but you
are seeing the likes of Nanjing Shing J
Department up some 10%. Got the Indian
markets coming up here and opening up.
We're seeing futures slight to the
downside here this morning with Goldman
though downgrading Indian stocks to
market weight this morning. That's it
for us here on the China show.